Rodada 1
cbmk - springboks
cincinnatti - markin
frankfurto - felipelima
medr - mancha
lokomotiv - animes
surprise - baleia
vagudo - tamires
biribiri - f1vs
universidad - joaninha
olympique - galatassarey

Rodada 2
galatassarey - cmbk
markin - olympique
felipelima - springboks
mancha - cincinnatti
animes - frankfurto
baleia - medr 
tamires - lokomotiv
f1vs - surprise
joaninha - vagudo
universidad - biribiri

Rodada 3
cbmk - felipelima
markin - mancha
springboks - galatassarey
olympique - animes
cincinnatti - baleia
frankfurto - tamires
medr - f1vs
lokomotiv - joaninha
surprise - universidad
vagudo - biribiri

Rodada 4
cbmk - mancha
felipelima - animes
markin - baleia
springboks - tamires
cincinnatti - f1vs
frankfurto - joaninha
medr - universidad
lokomotiv - biribiri
surprise - vagudo

Rodada 5
cbmk - animes
mancha- baleia
felipelima - tamires
markin - f1vs
springboks - joaninha
cincinnatti - universidad
frankfurto - biribiri
medr - vagudo
lokomotiv - surprise

Rodada 6
cbmk - baleia
animes - tamires
mancha- f1vs
felipelima - joaninha
markin - universidad
springboks - biribiri
cincinnatti - vagudo
frankfurto - surprise
medr - lokomotiv

Rodada 7
cbmk - tamires
baleia - f1vs
animes - joaninha
mancha- universidad
felipelima - biribiri
markin - vagudo
springboks - surprise
cincinnatti - lokomotiv
frankfurto - medr

Rodada 8
cbmk - f1vs
tamires - joaninha
baleia - universidad
animes - biribiri
mancha- vagudo
felipelima - surprise
markin - lokomotiv
springboks - medr
cincinnatti - frankfurto

Rodada 9
cbmk - joaninha
f1vs - universidad
tamires - biribiri
baleia - vagudo
animes - surprise
mancha- lokomotiv
felipelima - medr
markin - frankfurto
springboks - cincinnatti

Rodada 10
cbmk - universidad
joaninha - biribiri
f1vs - vagudo
tamires - surprise
baleia - lokomotiv
animes - medr
mancha- frankfurto
felipelima - cincinnatti
markin - springboks

Rodada 11
cbmk - biribiri
universidad - vagudo
joaninha - surprise
f1vs - lokomotiv
tamires - medr
baleia - frankfurto
animes - cincinnatti
mancha- springboks
felipelima - markin

Rodada 12
cbmk - vagudo
biribiri - surprise
universidad - lokomotiv
joaninha - medr
f1vs - frankfurto
tamires - cincinnatti
baleia - springboks
animes - markin
mancha- felipelima

Rodada 13
cbmk - surprise
vagudo - lokomotiv
biribiri - medr
universidad - frankfurto
joaninha - cincinnatti
f1vs - springboks
tamires - markin
baleia - felipelima
animes - mancha

Rodada 14
cbmk - lokomotiv
surprise - medr
vagudo - frankfurto
biribiri - cincinnatti
universidad - springboks
joaninha - markin
f1vs - felipelima
tamires - mancha
baleia - animes

Rodada 15
cbmk - medr
lokomotiv - frankfurto
surprise - cincinnatti
vagudo - springboks
biribiri - markin
universidad - felipelima
joaninha - mancha
f1vs - animes
tamires - baleia

Rodada 16
cbmk - frankfurto
medr - cincinnatti
lokomotiv - springboks
surprise - markin
vagudo - felipelima
biribiri - mancha
universidad - animes
joaninha - baleia
f1vs - tamires

Rodada 17
cbmk - cincinnatti
frankfurto - springboks
medr - markin
lokomotiv - felipelima
surprise - mancha
vagudo - animes
biribiri - baleia
universidad - tamires
joaninha - f1vs

Rodada 18
cbmk - markin
springboks - animes
cincinnatti - f1vs
frankfurto - biribiri
medr - lokomotiv
mancha- universidad
felipelima - surprise
tamires - biribiri
vagudo - olympique
joaninha - galatassarey

Rodada 19
cbmk - universidad
joaninha - surprise
f1vs - frankfurto
tamires - markin
baleia - animes
vagudo - springboks
biribiri - mancha
lokomotiv - felipelima
olympique - medr
galatassarey - cincinnatti

/*/*/*/*/*/
Rodada 18
springboks - cbmk
markin - cincinnatti
felipelima - frankfurto
mancha- medr
animes - lokomotiv
baleia - surprise
tamires - vagudo
f1vs - biribiri
joaninha - universidad

Rodada 19
markin - cbmk
felipelima - springboks
mancha- cincinnatti
animes - frankfurto
baleia - medr
tamires - lokomotiv
f1vs - surprise
joaninha - vagudo
universidad - biribiri

Rodada 20
felipelima - cbmk
mancha- markin
animes - springboks
baleia - cincinnatti
tamires - frankfurto
f1vs - medr
joaninha - lokomotiv
universidad - surprise
biribiri - vagudo

Rodada 21
mancha- cbmk
animes - felipelima
baleia - markin
tamires - springboks
f1vs - cincinnatti
joaninha - frankfurto
universidad - medr
biribiri - lokomotiv
vagudo - surprise

Rodada 22
animes - cbmk
baleia - mancha
tamires - felipelima
f1vs - markin
joaninha - springboks
universidad - cincinnatti
biribiri - frankfurto
vagudo - medr
surprise - lokomotiv

Rodada 23
baleia - cbmk
tamires - animes
f1vs - mancha
joaninha - felipelima
universidad - markin
biribiri - springboks
vagudo - cincinnatti
surprise - frankfurto
lokomotiv - medr

Rodada 24
tamires - cbmk
f1vs - baleia
joaninha - animes
universidad - mancha
biribiri - felipelima
vagudo - markin
surprise - springboks
lokomotiv - cincinnatti
medr - frankfurto

Rodada 25
f1vs - cbmk
joaninha - tamires
universidad - baleia
biribiri - animes
vagudo - mancha
surprise - felipelima
lokomotiv - markin
medr - springboks
frankfurto - cincinnatti

Rodada 26
joaninha - cbmk
universidad - f1vs
biribiri - tamires
vagudo - baleia
surprise - animes
lokomotiv - mancha
medr - felipelima
frankfurto - markin
cincinnatti - springboks

Rodada 27
universidad - cbmk
biribiri - joaninha
vagudo - f1vs
surprise - tamires
lokomotiv - baleia
medr - animes
frankfurto - mancha
cincinnatti - felipelima
springboks - markin

Rodada 28
biribiri - cbmk
vagudo - universidad
surprise - joaninha
lokomotiv - f1vs
medr - tamires
frankfurto - baleia
cincinnatti - animes
springboks - mancha
markin - felipelima

Rodada 29
vagudo - cbmk
surprise - biribiri
lokomotiv - universidad
medr - joaninha
frankfurto - f1vs
cincinnatti - tamires
springboks - baleia
markin - animes
felipelima - mancha
Rodada 30
surprise - cbmk
lokomotiv - vagudo
medr - biribiri
frankfurto - universidad
cincinnatti - joaninha
springboks - f1vs
markin - tamires
felipelima - baleia
mancha- animes

Rodada 31
lokomotiv - cbmk
medr - surprise
frankfurto - vagudo
cincinnatti - biribiri
springboks - universidad
markin - joaninha
felipelima - f1vs
mancha- tamires
animes - baleia
Rodada 32
medr - cbmk
frankfurto - lokomotiv
cincinnatti - surprise
springboks - vagudo
markin - biribiri
felipelima - universidad
mancha- joaninha
animes - f1vs
baleia - tamires
Rodada 33
frankfurto - cbmk
cincinnatti - medr
springboks - lokomotiv
markin - surprise
felipelima - vagudo
mancha- biribiri
animes - universidad
baleia - joaninha
tamires - f1vs
Rodada 34
cincinnatti - cbmk
springboks - frankfurto
markin - medr
felipelima - lokomotiv
mancha- surprise
animes - vagudo
baleia - biribiri
tamires - universidad
f1vs - joaninha